_people/README.md, before:

# Vis Collective Members

Please regularly update your content.

## Creating a Profile

Please create a profile using the template here. Save this as a new Markdown
file with your name as a unique key. In the template, do not remove or delete
any rows! If you don't have the information right now, just leave the data empty
or as-is. Please try to fill in something for every row, if possible. Active
members should select their role, write down some interests, have a webpage, and
include a photo.

```
---
first_name: Miriah
last_name: Meyer
key: meyer
permalink: /team/meyer/
# Pick one of the following
role: faculty | postdoc | phdstudent | msstudent | undergrad | intern | alumnus
email: miriah.meyer@liu.se

# leave empty if you don't have apersonal website
personal-site: https://miriah.github.io/

#  leave empty if you're active. Add something like "M.S.'16" or "B.S.'17" if you got a degree while with the Vis Collective. Add "N" if you left before you got a degree.
graduated:
# add your graduation year
year_left:


orcid: 0000-0002-8971-6245

# Suggestion: 3 research key phrases, 1 personal
keywords:
---
```

## Adding a Member Picture

All active members should add a headshot to the [assets/photos](https://github.com/viscollective/viscollective.github.io/tree/main/assets/photos) folder.
The image should be 370 pixels x 370 pixels.
Name it {last_name}.
It should be a jpg.

Commit message:

Update README.md with title

_people/README.md, after:

# Vis Collective Members

Please regularly update your content.

## Creating a Profile

Please create a profile using the template here. Save this as a new Markdown
file with your name as a unique key. In the template, do not remove or delete
any rows! If you don't have the information right now, just leave the data empty
or as-is. Please try to fill in something for every row, if possible. Active
members should select their role, write down some interests, have a webpage, and
include a photo.

```
---
first_name: Miriah
last_name: Meyer
key: meyer
permalink: /team/meyer/
# Pick one of the following
role: faculty | postdoc | phdstudent | msstudent | undergrad | intern | alumnus
email: miriah.meyer@liu.se
# If you selected faculty, then fill in your title below
title: 

# leave empty if you don't have apersonal website
personal-site: https://miriah.github.io/

#  leave empty if you're active. Add something like "M.S.'16" or "B.S.'17" if you got a degree while with the Vis Collective. Add "N" if you left before you got a degree.
graduated:
# add your graduation year
year_left:


orcid: 0000-0002-8971-6245

# Suggestion: 3 research key phrases, 1 personal
keywords:
---
```

## Adding a Member Picture

All active members should add a headshot to the [assets/photos](https://github.com/viscollective/viscollective.github.io/tree/main/assets/photos) folder.
The image should be 370 pixels x 370 pixels.
Name it {last_name}.
It should be a jpg.
